it's 1871 and the germans are about to besiege Paris. You can either choose:
"1" - flee to the South with the rest of your family
"2" - take up arms and join the militia to protect Paris
"3" - carry on with baking bread (you don't think the Germans will stay for very long).

Outcomes:
1 -> It was very close but you managed to escape the Prussians by leaving before the break
of dawn , and once you passed Anvers you took a train to go South to some small village
near Nice where you open a little café, go to the beach every morning, meet your significant
other and make family with 5 children and to feed them all you work like a horse for the 
rest of your life.
2 -> You join the militia, get given an old rifle that often gets jam and only delivers
once every three shots but nonetheless it's a gun and you get busy with learning how to
shoot.
3 -> You fool! The Germans left quite soon after Rousseau's government abdiquated and
paid a hefty fine, but the Parisians decided to become and independent and set-up la
Commune, a bloody French revolution that would last 2 years, starve the capital.


If you chose 1: exit
the program_exits.

If you chose 2: political_conversation
After practicing on some targets set-up by the old square of blah blah, you go and refresh
yourself in a bistro, find some hairy looking men who look like they've been fighting for
a while and you decide to strike up a conversation with them to understand a bit more about
the current situation.
After a couple of drinks they ask you about -> question that should trigger defining
key-words:

political conversation: # if sentence contains:
1- Marxist keywords -> sounds like you're a Marxist. Man A takes you to an old tavern in
an obscure part of Paris and you talk about blah blah till dawn.

2- Anarchist keywords -> sounds like you're an Anarchist. Man B takes you to meet very
famous Anarchist woman who carried on spreading anarchist and giving talks all over France
until she was well in her 90s

3- Republican keywords -> sounds like you're a Republican. No one really likes you, and 
you undergo an identity crisis once the Germans have left.

4- Feminist keywords -> sounds like you're a feminist. Feminism wasn't quite a thing yet,
but lots of great things happened for the emancipation of women's rights, like blah and blah.

5- random words -> I have not idea what you're going on about but it doesn't really matter. Paris is about
starved and burned to the ground, and you probably won't make it past winter. But the
hairy men seem to take an odd interest in you and ask you to be clearer. '''pydoc hint'''


If you chose 3:
The early days were not too bad, everything was like usual, you woke up early and baked 
bread sweating with all these hot ovens around you. It's true that whilst men still have
bread, they will still carry on. All until one day you wake up and hear lots of chaos
upstairs. The prussians have left, and the Commune is set-up. Your boss decides to flee
Paris as otherwise he will persecuted and his property will be confiscated. He wasn't a 
very popular man in the revolutionary circles. However in an act of kindness, he offers
you to go with him, to which you say Yes or No:
- Yes -> Outcomes.1
- No -> You stay and decide to run the bakery like a cooperative and support the poor and
men at the front. However the wheat supplies and quickly running low and the council
invites you to give your opinion about the future of bread in Paris. In an unexpected
moment of eloquence, you tell them:
- "Ann Arendt quote on Bread and revolutions"
- quote 2 on bread and revolutions
- quote 3
- quote 4

One night you get woken up in haste, your commandeer informs you that the French army is attacking simultaneously
different areas of Paris and you need to go and take your positions to protect the city. You grab your old rifle,
get given your ammunitions and run to your position. Once there you count how many bullets you have.
1 - you're a Marxist and like the Anarchists, you were less well armed than the Republicans who had more resources.
You have 20 less bullets than them. After a long night, you have only 8 bullets left.
2 - you're an Anarchist and like the Marxists, you were less well armed than the Republicans who had more resources.
You have 20 less bullets than them. After a long night, you have only 8 bullets left.
3 - you're a Republican and you were better well armed than the Marxists and Republicans. You have 20 bullets 
more than them. After a long night, you have only 10 bullets left.
4 - you're a Feminist and you were the least well armed. You have 40 less bullets than the Republicans and 20 
bullets less than the Marxists and Anarchists. After a long night, you have only 6 bullets left.
a
Last bullets shoot out.random:
1 - Well done! You shot a French bastard.
2 - Damn it! Your rifle jammed and you had to duck real quick to not get shot.
3 - Ouch! Your rifle jammed and you got shot in the:
3a - shoulder
3b - arm
3c - hand
3d - leg

You're out of bullets but don't worry, the French had a humiliating defeat and had to retreat. Everyone is 
celebrating and the injured are nursed. You're lucky or unlucky, you got shot in your ...

You decide to celebrate with your friends and go to the Oiseau Sauvage, your favorite tavern in Paris.
On the menu:
- rat saute
- elephant
- crocodile

What do you decide to eat?
elephant -> yum that was tasty
   -> sorry you can't afford it

crocodile -> yum that was tasty
    -> sorry you can't afford it

rat -> a nice little variation to the usual daily grilled rat

That was tasty! Well at least better than usual. Are you still hungry?
Yes -> You have ... left. What do you want?
 -> Sorry you can't afford anymore food. But hey! You contributed to builiding a school.
 -> You fool! You have no money left! You will have to hunt and eat rat for the rest of the revolution.

No - You're wise, you might need the money later.

News come that the French have reinforcements that came to surround Paris. They will surely attack by the
break of dawn. This is the time to decide what you want to do:
- Stay and fight -> You were wise and you had enough bullets to fight and kill yourself before they got you
     -> you spent all your money on eating and celebrating so you can't afford enough bullets and
     you have an ultimate shoot out -> do you want to use the bayonette
     -> You're a feminist and you fought harder than anyone else, but yep, you die too. On the bright
     side of things, the great French writer Victor Hugo wrote an ode to you. Well it wasn't really
     Victor Hugo, just the writer of this game: Ode with name of player

- Flee -> you were wise not to spend all your money on food. You were able to bribe out of Paris and went to the
    South of France Outcome.1
    -> you're poor and couldn't afford the bribes. You got shot for deserting.

- Hide -> Well done, you survived to tell the tale. However insignificant it was and your part in it.

the night before the last battle -> it's time to make a decision
the last battle and execution/death